---
layout: post
author: Kamil
image: /assets/images/this_site.png
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
project_link: https://github.com/akidily/akidily.github.io
github: true
---

This website is a big project that required a lot of work, of testing, of learning and of researching.
<!--more-->
It took me a lot of work because it's conception involved some tools I didn't know existed, some I only used once, and all of these tools, programming languages, frameworks wouldn't stop fighting together, making it hard to force them to work together. It was really frustrating beacause I made a lot of _fails_, but I'm very happy of the result.  
This project required:
- GitHub: because I need GitHub pages and I also need to store my other projects in repositories.
- Git: because I use the version system control more than once.
- Jekyll: because it is very useful: the projects cards aren't hardcoded, they are generated automatically from a markdown file I am writing in right now. (If you are interested go check the repository).
- Bulma: because I love working with frameworks, and they make it really easy to create modern and styley elements like the navbar or the cards.
- Html: for obvious reasons; i need to make the structure of the site.
- Css: for obvious reasons too; i need to make so things prettier because Bulma is cool but it's not perfect.
- Console: because I use it to navigate through branches, to commit, to push, to pull, etc...
- Vim: Vim is very useful; I use it to make small changes directly in console without having to open Visual Studio Code to correct a word that is mispelled for example.